- Links:
	- [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit)

Note: read the above instruction file and verify the details below. 

#### Documents to be submitted:
1. [ ] Printed copy of call up letter
2. original and one Attested copy of
	1. [ ] marksheets
	2. [ ] certificates of
		1. [ ] 10th 
			1. [ ] Matriculation/Secondary School Examination certificate alongwith Passing certificate or equivalent certificate issued by the concerned Board of education as proof of candidate’s name, parent’s name (father & mother) and date of birth (No other document like Admitcard/Marksheet/Transfer/School Leaving certificate etc are acceptable).
		2. [ ] 12th
		3. [ ] Graduation
		4. or
			1. "Custodian Certificate" issued by competent authority at College / Principal alongwith duly certified Xerox copies of certificates in case the certificates are held by college/university. In case of computer generated photocopy of marksheet / degree certificate, the same be attested by college / university authority.
3. [ ] Bonafide Certificate
	1. should include
		1. name of college/university
		2. Discipline
		3. year/semester of Graduation/Post Graduation being pursued
		4. aggregate percentage till last year/semester (for which the result is declared)
		5. likely date of declaration of final year result (in MM/YY format).
			1. Certificate from the Principal/ Head of the Institution stating that the candidate is in final year and final exams in respect of the candidate will be over by JUN 2025 as per specimen attached at Appendix ‘A’ of [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=108599318674953916471&rtpof=true&sd=true)
4. [ ] CGPA Percentage Conversion Formulae / Supporting Documents
5. [ ] Twenty passport size photographs
	1. (less than 6 months old)
	2. in light background without headgear except Sikhs.
	3. with spectacles
6. [ ] vision ceritificate - power of eye from lenscart
7. [ ] ID proofs
	1. voter ID/Passport/Driving license/Pan card/admit card as proof of your identity.
	2. All candidates are also requested to carry their Aadhar card in addition to other ID proof
8. [ ] two copy of online application form
	1. [ ] One copy of the Printout of application form duly signed and self attested Photograph affixed.
9. [ ] Photocopy of the first page of passbook or cheque leaf reflecting the name A/C No. & IFSC details.
10. [ ] Risk Certificate signed by candidate
	1. (To be typed/ handwritten on plain paper and signed by parent/guardian) as per specimen attached at Appendix  ‘C’ of [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=108599318674953916471&rtpof=true&sd=true)
11. [ ] Candidate are requested to get a undertaking certificate prior to undergoing SSB as per Appendix ‘K’.
12. [ ] travelling allowance form from  [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=108599318674953916471&rtpof=true&sd=true)
13. [ ] CERTIFICATE FOR NOT HAVING DUPLICATE PROFILES / REGISTRATION IDs  [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=108599318674953916471&rtpof=true&sd=true)
14. [ ] UNDERTAKING CERTIFICATE BY CANDIDATE PRIOR TO UNDERGOING SSB [instructions](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J3XDmT3RT_vUJwJl7ZCyMkgUsl1epRCi/edit?usp=drive_link&ouid=108599318674953916471&rtpof=true&sd=true)

1. **TA**:
	1. Note: read the instructions file and enter the details for applying ta here.
#### Misc:
1. [ ] One pair white PT shoes
2. [ ] Two pairs white socks
3. [ ] white T Shirt with collar
4. [ ] white shorts (for male candidates)
5. [ ] two pairs of formal dress for interview.
6. [ ] pen
Note: other items are listed in the instruction file.

#### Action Plan:

to-do
- [ ] make necessary arrangements for accommodation if screened out during Stage I test.
- [ ] find train cleaning number

- 29 Nov 2024 (06.00 AM):
	- report at Main Gate of Selection Centre South, Bangalore, Cubbon Road near Manipal Centre.
- Testing procedure at SSB:
	- 08.00 AM:
		- Stage I :
			- Intelligence Test
			- Picture Perception and Discussion Test (PPDT).
		- Stage-II :
			- Psychological Tests
			- Group Test I & II and interview for the next four days.